Fix junitxml count for teardown errors (#14501)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/3850.bugfix.rst

> Fixed the JUnit XML ``tests`` count for tests that pass during call but fail during teardown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed JUnit XML report: the ``tests`` attribute of the ``<testsuite>`` element now always matches the number of ``<testcase>`` elements in the file. In some cases (test passes but fails during teardown) the ``tests`` attribute would report an incorrect number of testcases in the XML file.
```
